Feature/armory refactor (#58)
mindsmiths/docs: docs/integrations/web.md

        then
            Log.info("Showing onboarding flow to user " + agent.getId());
            ArmoryAPI.show(
                    agent.getConnection("armory"),
                    ArmoryAPI.buildScreens("welcome", Config.get("screens"))
            );
end
```

Here you can take a look how will the config look like, in comparison with the manual build-up.

![image](/img/armory/config-exmple.png)

Next step - exploring all the different components that come predefined with Armory!

### Components
The components are the building blocks of screens, and there are several you can use out-of-the-box:
* Header: component that normally contains a logo and the `BackButton` (enabled by setting the `allowsBack` field to `true`)
* Title
* Description
* Input: component that roughly corresponds to the [HTML input element](https://www.w3schools.com/html/html_form_input_types.asp), with the input data type specified by setting `type`
* TextArea: component for longer text input
* Select: choose one option from a list
* CloudSelect: a cool multi-select component
* Quantity select: component for specifying quantities
* Toggle: component that imitates a switch

> * Nested Toggle: you guessed it, it's a toggle inside a toggle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Nested Toggle: you guessed it, it's a toggle that shows/hides other components
```

Reviewer: Also, you're missing QrcodeScanner, Loader

        agent: Customer()
    then
        modify(agent){setFirstName(firstName)};
        delete (signal);
end
```

On each press of a `SubmitButton`, a `Submit` event is triggered. You can catch a specific `Submit` event inside a rule using the defined `buttonId`, as seen in the example above.
This type of event also contains values of all the components that have been previously filled out. You can access them by using the `getParamAs____()` functions, which all take the `inputId` of the component as a parameter.

:::info Type of the `getParamAs____()` functions

- `public String getParamAsString(String param)`
- `public Boolean getParamAsBool(String param)`
- `public Integer getParamAsInteger(String param)`
- `public Double getParamAsDouble(String param)`
- `public <T> List<T> getParamAsList(String param, Class<T> cls)`
- `public <T> Map<String, T> getParamAsMap(String param, Class<T> valueCls)`
- `public <T, U> Map<T, U> getParamAsMap(String param, Class<T> keyCls, Class<U> valueCls)`
- `public <T> T getParamAs(String param, Class<T> cls)`
- `public JsonNode getParam(String param)`

:::

> TODO - is this a buttonId or inputId?

Reviewer: Button clicks are buttonId, and it's referenced as `buttonId == "something"`. All inputs go through the `inputId`
